Mr. Yo Ma
Why are you here?
What are you doing here?
Not this guy, he didn't have an invitation.
And still making trouble here
I was going to kick them out. Which guy?
Mr. Ye's invitation letter was given to him by me
Mr. Ye is my honored guest
You have to kick him out
Fine! Then why don't you kick me out with you?
No no
It's cold, explain what?
Okay, don't come to work from tomorrow.
It's cold, isn't mine real?
This kid's real backer turned out to be Mr. Liang
Liang Chunqiu
You're going to cooperate with me against this trash
So what if I was?
He Xiaoge
Your He family and my mother's family are half a catty
What are you doing to me?
You are cruel
You wrote down this salary.
Mr. Ip, I'm so sorry.
Let you suffer
Boss Liang, where is this?
These people
Just some jumping clowns
Ye Xian counts your life as good
Since you came to the antique convention today
You must want to buy a few treasures, right?
Don't worry, I'm here.
Don't even think about buying Ben Shao.
Doctor, there is a lady